The only way to do great work is to love what you do.  -  Steve Jobs
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.  -  Albert Einstein
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.  -  Confucius
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.  -  John Lennon
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.  -  Eleanor Roosevelt
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.  -  Wayne Gretzky
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.  -  Henry Ford
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity.  -  Albert Einstein
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.  -  Oscar Wilde
In three words I can sum up everything about life: it goes on.  -  Robert Frost
The unexamined life is not worth living.  -  Socrates
Spread love everywhere you go.  -  Mother Teresa
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.  -  Franklin D. Roosevelt
Always remember that you are absolutely unique, just like everyone else.  -  Margaret Mead
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.  -  Robert Louis Stevenson
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.  -  Chinese Proverb
An unexamined life is not worth living.  -  Socrates
Spread love wherever you go. Let no one ever come without leaving happier.  -  Mother Teresa
When you arise in the morning, think of what a privilege it is to be alive.  -  Marcus Aurelius
It is never too late to be what you might have been.  -  George Eliot
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.  -  Helen Keller
Nothing is impossible; the word itself says 'I'm possible.'  -  Audrey Hepburn
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.  -  Tony Robbins
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count.  -  Abraham Lincoln
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.  -  Babe Ruth
Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.  -  Goethe
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.  -  Mark Twain
It always seems impossible until it is done.  -  Nelson Mandela
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path.  -  Ralph Waldo Emerson
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.  -  Mae West
