Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope was released on May 25, 1977 and became a cultural phenomenon.
rom the Japanese term 'Jidaigeki,' meaning period drama.
Darth Maul's double-bladed lightsaber was George Lucas's idea, considered too flashy by the crew.
The Star Wars Holiday Special (1978) is so bad that George Lucas has tried to erase it from history.
John Williams' Star Wars score is one of the best-selling orchestral recordings of all time.
Samuel L. Jackson requested a purple lightsaber for Mace Windu so he could spot himself in battle scenes.
The Mandalorian was the first live-action Star WGeorge Lucas was inspired by Akira Kurosawa's 'The Hidden Fortress' when creating Star Wars.
The role of Han Solo was nearly played by Kurt Russell, Sylvester Stallone, or Burt Reynolds.
Yoda was originally going to be played by a monkey wearing a mask and carrying a cane.
The Wilhelm Scream  -  a famous stock sound effect  -  appears in every Star Wars film.
Darth Vader's breathing sound was made by breathing through a scuba regulator.
R2-D2's name came from the editing term 'Reel 2, Dialogue 2' on American Graffiti.
C-3PO's golden design was inspired by the robot Maria from the 1927 film Metropolis.
James Earl Jones was not credited for voicing Darth Vader in the original 1977 film.
Harrison Ford famously ad-libbed 'I know' in Empire Strikes Back instead of 'I love you too.'
The Millennium Falcon's design was inspired by a hamburger with an olive on the side.
Mark Hamill hurt his face in a car accident before filming Empire  -  inspiring Luke's wampa attack.
Chewbacca's voice was created from a mix of bear, walrus, lion, and badger sounds.
Ewoks were originally intended to be Wookiees before budget constraints forced a redesign.
The Force Awakens grossed over $2 billion worldwide, making it one of the highest-grossing films ever.
Yoda speaks in a distinctive inverted syntax  -  'object-subject-verb'  -  inspired by Japanese grammar.
The word 'Jedi' is derived fars TV series, premiering in 2019.
Baby Yoda's real name, Grogu, was not revealed until season 2 of The Mandalorian.
Ewan McGregor learned to make his own lightsaber sound effects while filming the prequels.
The asteroid field chase in Empire Strikes Back used potatoes as asteroids in some shots.
The Cantina Band song is officially called 'Mad About Me'  -  fans call it 'Cantina Band.'
Natalie Portman wore 14 different costumes as Queen Amidala in The Phantom Menace.
Frank Oz, the voice of Yoda, also performed Miss Piggy and Fozzie Bear on The Muppets.
The Kessel Run is 12 parsecs in Han Solo's boast  -  a unit of distance, not time.
Dave Prowse, who wore the Vader suit, was kept in the dark about 'I am your father' until the premiere.
Boba Fett first appeared in an animated segment of the much-maligned Star Wars Holiday Special.
George Lucas sold the Star Wars franchise to Disney for $4.05 billion in 2012.
The term 'a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away' was inspired by fairytale openings.
Over 100 languages have been used in Star Wars films, including several fictional ones.
Anthony Daniels (C-3PO) is the only actor to appear in all nine main saga films.
Star Wars was rejected by every major studio before 20th Century Fox picked it up.
The planet Coruscant was first named in the Star Wars novels before appearing in the prequels.
Princess Leia's hair buns were inspired by a 1914 Mexican revolutionary hairstyle.
The Jedi Code states: 'There is no emotion, there is peace. There is no ignorance, there is knowledge.'
Porkins, the X-wing pilot, became an unexpected fan favorite and internet meme.
The lightsaber color for Jedi was determined by which Kyber crystal they bonded with.
The ice planet Hoth was filmed on location in Finse, Norway during a real blizzard.
Anakin Skywalker was intended to be the 'chosen one' from the very first film outlines.
R2-D2 and C-3PO were modeled after the two peasants in Kurosawa's 'The Hidden Fortress.'
The Sarlacc Pit in Return of the Jedi was modified in the 1997 Special Edition to add a beak.
Hayden Christensen returned as Darth Vader for the Obi-Wan Kenobi Disney+ series in 2022.
Grogu and Yoda are the same species  -  which George Lucas has never officially named.
Star Wars Celebration is an annual fan convention that has run since 1999.
The phrase 'May the Force be with you' was first spoken by General Dodonna, not Obi-Wan.
Rey's last name 'Skywalker,' chosen at the end of Episode IX, was not in the original script.
