The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar in 1896  -  it lasted 38 minutes.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
Honey never spoils. Archaeologists found 3000-year-old honey in Egyptian tombs still edible.
The Eiffel Tower grows about 6 inches taller in summer due to thermal expansion.
Cleopatra lived closer in time to the Moon landing than to the construction of the pyramids.
Octopuses have three hearts, blue blood, and nine brains (one central, one per arm).
Oxford University is older than the Aztec Empire.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
The Great Wall of China is not visible from space with the naked eye.
Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
There are more stars in the universe than grains of sand on all of Earth's beaches.
The human body contains enough carbon to fill about 9,000 pencils.
The average person walks about 100,000 miles in their lifetime.
Sharks are older than trees  -  they've existed for over 400 million years.
Nintendo was founded in 1889 as a playing card company.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
The fingerprints of koalas are nearly identical to human fingerprints.
Wombats produce cube-shaped droppings  -  the only animal known to do so.
The dot over the letters 'i' and 'j' is called a tittle.
Crows can recognize and remember individual human faces.
The Sahara Desert was green and fertile about 6,000 years ago.
Water can boil and freeze at the same time  -  it's called the triple point.
A teaspoon of neutron star material weighs about 6 billion tons.
Humans share 60% of their DNA with bananas.
The tongue is the fastest-healing organ in the human body.
There are more possible chess games than atoms in the observable universe.
The first computer bug was an actual bug  -  a moth found in a relay in 1947.
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins  -  up to 40 minutes.
The world's loudest animal is the sperm whale, producing clicks at 230 dB.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
Light from the Sun takes about 8 minutes and 20 seconds to reach Earth.
The average cloud weighs about 1.1 million pounds.
Ants have colonized every landmass on Earth except Antarctica.
There are more trees on Earth than stars in the Milky Way.
A snail can sleep for 3 years at a time.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds.
Peanuts are not nuts  -  they are legumes.
Every odd number contains the letter 'e' when spelled out.
The human eye can detect a candle flame from 1.7 miles away in darkness.
Alaska is both the westernmost and easternmost state in the US.
A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
The first text message ever sent said 'Merry Christmas' in 1992.
It would take about 1.2 million mosquitoes to drain all the blood from a human body.
Cats were brought to the Americas by European settlers to control mice on ships.
Elephants are the only animals that cannot jump.
The average person produces enough saliva in a lifetime to fill two swimming pools.
A day on Mars is 24 hours, 37 minutes  -  almost the same as Earth.
The inventor of the frisbee was cremated and turned into a frisbee after he died.
More people are killed each year by vending machines than by sharks.
Hot water can freeze faster than cold water  -  this is called the Mpemba effect.
